Document Kafka Source Schema management (#10084)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/io-kafka-source.md

| `sessionTimeoutMs` | long|false | 30000 | The timeout used to detect consumer failures when using Kafka's group management facility. |
| `topic` | String|true | " " (empty string)| The Kafka topic which sends messages to Pulsar. |
| `consumerConfigProperties` | Map| false | " " (empty string) | The consumer configuration properties to be passed to consumers. <br/><br/>**Note: other properties specified in the connector configuration file take precedence over this configuration**. |
| `keyDeserializationClass` | String|false | org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringDeserializer | The deserializer class for Kafka consumers to deserialize keys.<br/> The deserializer is set by a specific implementation of [`KafkaAbstractSource`](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/pulsar-io/kafka/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/io/kafka/KafkaAbstractSource.java).
| `valueDeserializationClass` | String|false | org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.ByteArrayDeserializer | The deserializer class for Kafka consumers to deserialize values.
| `autoOffsetReset` | String | false | "earliest" | The default offset reset policy. |

### Schema Management

> This Kafka Source connector applies the Schema to the topic depennding on the data type that is present on the Kafka topic.

Reviewer: depending

Author: done

> We are detecting the data type from the `keyDeserializationClass` and `valueDeserializationClass` configuration parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can detect the data type from the `keyDeserializationClass` and `valueDeserializationClass` configuration parameters.
```

> For instance if the `valueDeserializationClass` is `org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringDeserializer` then we set Schema.STRING() as schema type
> on the Pulsar topic.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `valueDeserializationClass` is `org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringDeserializer`, you can set Schema.STRING() as schema type on the Pulsar topic.

```

If `valueDeserializationClass` is `io.confluent.kafka.serializers.KafkaAvroDeserializer` we download the AVRO schema from the Confluent Schema Registry®
and we set it properly on the Pulsar topic. In this case you have to set `schema.registry.url` inside of the `consumerConfigProperties` configuration entry

> of the source.

Reviewer 2: Avoid the first-person pronouns `I` and `we`. Use the second-person pronoun `you` as much as possible.

Author: got it

When `keyDeserializationClass` has any value that is different from the default value of `org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringDeserializer` it means 

> that you do not have a String as a key, in this case the Kafka Source uses the KeyValue schema type with the SEPARATED encoding.

Reviewer 2: Break up long sentences into short ones can improve readability.

Author: done

We are also supporting AVRO format for keys as well.

This way on Pulsar you have a topic with these properties:
- Schema: KeyValue schema with SEPARATED encoding
- Key: the content of key of the Kafka message (base64 encoded)
- Value: the content of value of the Kafka message
- KeySchema: the schema, detected from `keyDeserializationClass`
- ValueSchema: the schema, detected from `valueDeserializationClass`

Topic compaction and partition routing use the Pulsar key, that contains the Kafka key, and so they are driven by the same value that you have on Kafka.

> When you are consuming data from the Pulsar topic you can use the KeyValue schema, this way you can decode properly the data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you consume data from Pulsar topics, you can use the `KeyValue` schema. In this way, you can decode the data properly.
```

| `sessionTimeoutMs` | long|false | 30000 | The timeout used to detect consumer failures when using Kafka's group management facility. |
| `topic` | String|true | " " (empty string)| The Kafka topic which sends messages to Pulsar. |
| `consumerConfigProperties` | Map| false | " " (empty string) | The consumer configuration properties to be passed to consumers. <br/><br/>**Note: other properties specified in the connector configuration file take precedence over this configuration**. |
| `keyDeserializationClass` | String|false | org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringDeserializer | The deserializer class for Kafka consumers to deserialize keys.<br/> The deserializer is set by a specific implementation of [`KafkaAbstractSource`](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/pulsar-io/kafka/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/io/kafka/KafkaAbstractSource.java).
| `valueDeserializationClass` | String|false | org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.ByteArrayDeserializer | The deserializer class for Kafka consumers to deserialize values.
| `autoOffsetReset` | String | false | "earliest" | The default offset reset policy. |

### Schema Management

> This Kafka Source connector applies the Schema to the topic depending on the data type that is present on the Kafka topic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This Kafka source connector applies the schema to the topic depending on the data type that is present on the Kafka topic.
```

You can detect the data type from the `keyDeserializationClass` and `valueDeserializationClass` configuration parameters.

If the `valueDeserializationClass` is `org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringDeserializer`, you can set Schema.STRING() as schema type on the Pulsar topic.

> If `valueDeserializationClass` is `io.confluent.kafka.serializers.KafkaAvroDeserializer` Pulsar downloads the AVRO schema from the Confluent Schema Registry®

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `valueDeserializationClass` is `io.confluent.kafka.serializers.KafkaAvroDeserializer`, Pulsar downloads the AVRO schema from the Confluent Schema Registry®
```

and set it properly on the Pulsar topic.

> In this case you have to set `schema.registry.url` inside of the `consumerConfigProperties` configuration entry

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case, you need to set `schema.registry.url` inside of the `consumerConfigProperties` configuration entry
```

of the source.

> When `keyDeserializationClass` is not `org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringDeserializer` it means 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `keyDeserializationClass` is not `org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringDeserializer`, it means 
```

that you do not have a String as key and the Kafka Source uses the KeyValue schema type with the SEPARATED encoding.

> We are also supporting AVRO format for keys as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pulsar supports AVRO format for keys.
```

> This way on Pulsar you have a topic with these properties:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case, you can have a Pulsar topic with the following properties:
```

- Schema: KeyValue schema with SEPARATED encoding
- Key: the content of key of the Kafka message (base64 encoded)
- Value: the content of value of the Kafka message

> - KeySchema: the schema, detected from `keyDeserializationClass`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- KeySchema: the schema detected from `keyDeserializationClass`
```

> - ValueSchema: the schema, detected from `valueDeserializationClass`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ValueSchema: the schema detected from `valueDeserializationClass`
```

Topic compaction and partition routing use the Pulsar key, that contains the Kafka key, and so they are driven by the same value that you have on Kafka.

When you consume data from Pulsar topics, you can use the `KeyValue` schema. In this way, you can decode the data properly.

> In case you want to access the raw key you can use the Message#getKeyBytes() API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to access the raw key, you can use the `Message#getKeyBytes()` API.
```

5. Pull a Pulsar image and start Pulsar standalone.
   
   ```bash

>    $ docker pull apachepulsar/pulsar:2.8.0

Reviewer: If the version should be updated with release, maybe we can use variable
`{{pulsar:version}}`

Author: thanks I didn't find the variable
